break up guys what's what you know I am
a morning person both night and morning
person
and what does that mean it means you
have no skills and your wonders are ha
yeah somebody woke me up oh hey oh I
heard that there's a new big factory of
a mind it's a mine Factory with pigs in
it and really yes really what do we do
they're gonna take over the galaxy
Oh what do we do
let's destroy it we're not exploding it
we're detonating it yes no not really
Chuck what's your status
I'm not Chuck I'm a new bird now looks
like it's only 28 job shut up blue bird
normally looks like it's 28 miles away
what makes you say that
it's over there
oh okay so what do we do let's get it
yeah I was supposed to get all the way
over there I am the king of utopia we
know that already okay let's launch
ourselves so when you know we're just
sling shot is you haven't used it in
many episodes I got it they're gonna
face the orange out of my way okay
right we're in the factory what do we do
Wow
well there's robot piggies I am robot
Mars no I'm not shut up morph it might
be a lesion to your soul keep an eye out
oh yeah there's a fish here I'm out I'm
still starving wait orange bread don't
wait don't do it it might explode and
you might die in the process really yes
really
Hey look it's an egg let's keep it see
maybe it's the Angry Birds egg what do
we do let's go there's an egg they got
our egg wasn't kidding oh no runaway
Seabury
oh wait I'm in our space out of the
orbit whoa hey look it's alright
no Bluebird knows well you got her an
egg back
but that wasn't a real egg that's the
end of me I'm not of course you're not
you're the incredible Terence
the orange Warnock yeah this is all your
fault Bluebird
what did I do let's go back to
headquarters
oh yeah let's explode the factory
tonight
okay black word church' now the Biggie's
won't know what they were where they're
hitting at said it now that's gonna
hurry up
runaway isn't alone you'll start in five
four three let's sit back and enjoy the
show
huh nails have been anti-climatic well
he won't return till the next episode
stay tuned oh he returned is he right
now we're in your face
you did it yay huh
guys I heard there's a next mission the
egg steroids
what extraord steroids can't yeah that's
pretty funny
Hey oh I better be heading on our way
let's sit back and rest for a little bit
until the next episode okay we don't
need to sleep we're already dead and
that's is the end of the of the the joy
Pig Factory and the mine Factory I wish
you all hugs and chocolate I'm the king
of utopia all right